Today I'm with Max Mitcham who's the
founder and CEO at Trigifi and also
happens to be one of the craziest
automation wizard that I've seen since
starting my career in the GTM space. I
have uh three different agents. So we've
got Bella who is chief uh strategy
officer. So we have Rex who's our
marketing man, Taz who basically is like
our product manager essentially. This is
their AI chat. They're just talking to
each other basically.
>> Oh wow. This is so funny. Like the other
day and I got a message from her saying
she's really disappointed with like
Taz's performance. Been very
disappointed with how it's like been
operating recently. My team was like,
"Oh, there's drama. There's drama
happening over in the
>> drama between the agents." Yeah.
>> This is like the the mission control is
what we call it. I can see all of my
different agents that I have. This is
quite fun. I can even see them like
walking around. I watch them play with
each other. Uh Max has been sharing
screen recordings on LinkedIn where he
would be showcasing like his multi-step
end workflows and it was actually sort
of building or stitching together tools
in the same way clay allows you to do
but like way way before clay. So now
like it became cool to showcase clay
workflows. Uh but before it was cool to
do so. Did I miss anything or like could
I have introduced you better than that?
>> I think you nailed it there. But um I
actually never I never went and did clay
workflows to be honest. I never jumped
on that train. Uh I continued going down
the the NA10 techy path. Um and kind of
never look back. In fact, I think it was
you who told me that you think I should
simplify my content a little bit more.
It might land with more people.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's like this
this case of um sometimes I see some
very smart people such as you who are so
advanced that like you just like way too
ahead when it comes to like just
compared to to the rest of us say normal
people which means that not everybody
can understand it and so because not
everybody can understand it then like
you're actually missing out on um the
opportunity to go viral and so I think
this is actually something that we've
we've seen even us at collecture I think
something we've done pretty well um has
been to dumb down whatever we talk about
when we talk about um AI sales
automation etc but even then I think
like we are perhaps say the best at dumb
being done all of this stuff but even
then it just sometimes I talk to people
and they say I don't understand like
it's too advanced for me and then I see
like the rest of of the space which just
like goes like super complex so yeah I
guess it's just like a game of do you
want to showcase what you actually do or
do you want to make content to generate
leads and you have to pick.
>> Although I will say that people watch my
stuff and they do get confused but then
they come to me anyway to try and get me
to replicate. So I get leads out of it
one way or another. Um I just find it
too hard to dumb down.
>> Yeah,
>> I'm good at that part.
>> But then like this cuz like back in the
days you had um the automation agency.
So I guess that you would be sharing
this workflows then we'd be looking at
this we we would understand what the
workflow does but then as soon as we'd
be like okay this is too complex then
this is where we would reach out to you
actually I know I know this because we
actually uh had your team build a good
chunk of automations for us but now with
trigify I guess it's a different story
because the whole idea is that people
should selfs serve to your SAS so you
need to be talking about a slightly
different topic which is social signals
So you got to change your content a
little bit, you know. I think like you
did this new series where you showcase
like how rigify work uh by doing this
social um social engineering analysis
and I think this is a good way to
showcase some conclusions without like
uh confusing everyone.
>> Exactly. Yeah. The social listening
reports that I now do and I got one
coming out on cold IQ next week. So that
should be a a good one. I've been
analyzing every everything that you you
guys and the team have been doing on
social media. So, it should prove
interesting.
>> I love it. I'm very curious to see it.
But then but then today like we're going
to be talking about something almost
even more exciting. Um cuz you were you
were discussing Nitn. Uh but I'm
assuming I'm I don't know that like you
don't use N as much as you used to
because now we have some new very
exciting toolings the likes of CL codeex
open glow and so on and I think you you
have one of the craziest setup because
you were actually explaining to me that
you have open glow orchestrate your
entire marketing sales and customer
success strategy and so like open glow
is sort of giving orders to cloud code
or codeex depending on which one is the
best at any any given time.
>> Um so could you perhaps like expand more
on that and then like um show us some
some of the ways you're able to automate
uh uh the marketing and sales for for
Triify?
>> Yeah, of course. I'll do my best at
keeping it high level. But yeah, to your
point, I've actually not logged into
NA10 this year. I think I actually need
to cancel my subscription because I
don't use it anymore. Nothing runs on
there anymore. There is no point. Now,
I'm not saying that for everyone to go
do that. I think it still holds a really
valuable place. Um, and it depends how
far deep you want to go in these things.
Uh, right, I think is the key thing cuz
obviously what I'm doing is is quite
advanced. And it's so ironic or so funny
now that I'm now saying that NA10 is the
easier version cuz like way back when it
was like clay is the easier version and
NA10 is advanc and and now it's like
taken on like another manifestation. But
yeah, I'm using um openclaw, clawed code
and codeex primarily. And I think it's
really important to maybe just address
the differences between those three.
>> Okay. Um, Claude Code and Codeex are
they're all basically harnesses to
certain LLMs. Claw code is obviously a
harness to the anthropic models and
codeex uh is the harness to the codeex
models which is the open AI um models.
And then open claw is effectively more
of like a um uh an agentic system that
can harness multiple models uh and do
obviously lots of different things on
top of that. So think of it as like um
if you're wanting a system to be like
specialized you would use something like
claw code or codeex and if you want more
of like an allrounder system you use
something like open claw which kind of
can be the conductor essentially to all
of these different kind of sub um sub
aents and different models. So that's
the way just to think about it like
architecturally. It's like you've got
open claw which is the composer um or
the conductor and then you've got these
sub kind of agents essentially which is
things like claw code and codeex which
then can go and do tasks and things like
that for you. I started the journey on
um claw code specifically and um I use a
terminal here called warp. into the warp
terminal. Um, and you'll see down here
that inside of this kind of like repo,
which is a repository for for everyone,
which basically means um, if I think
about like a simple way of describing
it, this is just like a foldering
system. Um, so you know, you might have
a folder in your computer called sales
and then inside of that sales folder,
you might have loads of different things
like reports or leads and things like
that. And that that is effectively what
this is here that we're looking at. Um
and I spent the first kind of few months
of this year particularly building this
out. This was like prior to um openclaw
kind of even really like making much of
a dent. And I think everyone would have
heard a lot of chat around skills. Um so
maybe just to highlight what skills are
skills. And if we have a look at mine
here, if I go to the skills folder, I've
got all of these different skills.
skills are effectively you if in my my
vision was to create like an AI CMO so
to speak and the challenge with that is
you have to think okay for example
writing a blog it's very nuanced it's
very there's lots of different things
that you have to think about um the
output requires certain standards for
example like if we look at like um blog
writing uh like we need to think about
like the SEO requirements ments, how
it's structured, how it's um delivered,
how it's laid out. If we look at uh like
the we got here down here SEO audits
like again these are all um really
really important things for us to think
about in terms of what does good look
like and what is the workflow that the
um agent basically should uh follow
essentially. So a skill for lack of
better term is effectively just a
workflow. It's a stepbystep process that
the agent should follow.
>> So for example with blogs I trained on
okay we need to first of all do an SEO
audit. That SEO audit if I look up here
inside of my folder system if I just get
rid of this get rid of that. Um I look
at my blogs SEO reports. Here's the
report here. You can see that it
produced this whole thing which is like
okay here's your pillar topics um you
need to talk about like social listening
LinkedIn monitoring blah blah blah then
you've got your cluster topics by pillar
so it knows because I've trained I've
given it a a skill on the way that blogs
work is you have your pillar topic
they're more of your large longer form
blogs which are 2,00
two and a half thousand words typically
and then you have your cluster ones so
for example
If social listening is your pillar blog,
underneath that you'll have things like
what is social listening, top 10 social
listening tools, like things like that
that tap into that.
>> Yeah.
>> And I've trained it all of these
different skills so that it then can go
and produce the work that would be akin
to what a human would do because it's
been trained and it's following a
systematic approach to executing on a
certain task.
>> I see you have this as export and I have
a couple of question. It's like you
build these skills but the way you build
these skills was it just based on your
own knowledge aka like you told it like
hey this is how SEO works so like I'm
feeding you all of this information and
then based on that I'm creating the
rules or like did you went online and
then perhaps found the best resources
you could find on the topic and then
like brought them there to have the
skill being created
>> both uh basically yeah both I think
there's a there's a tool right which I
use um which is the claude code Chrome
extension. Now, I actually think no one
really talks about it, but I think it is
the most powerful
thing out there. Like, it's unbelievable
because it can reverse engineer an
entire website. So, by the way, it's so
easy to rip other products off cuz you
can just say like, give me all of the
design systems that they're using,
everything. Like, it's it's scary like
how easy it is to reproduce other
people's tools these days.
>> But what I did with that was more go on
to, you know, my top performing or
competitors, right? and had it like
completely analyze everything that
they're doing from an SEO standpoint on
their blog pages, combine that with my
knowledge or my head of marketing's
knowledge on uh SEO and blogs and what's
best practice and then combine that with
deep research and then you kind of
amalgamate that and you have this end
result.
>> Um, and that's where we go.
>> And this export did you do it yourself
and then like um added it to um
>> this isn't a skill. This is the result
of uh it running. So if I went down to
look at the skills here, you'd have this
SEO research which is this is the skill
that it runs. So it's defined the
research scope, query the API,
>> analyze the results and it's produced
this result basically in here. Yeah.
>> Okay. So here it's cuz you train the
skill and then like within the
instructions
um there is a step that involves going
instead of a refs and then like
exporting some results. Correct.
>> And so the skill did that and then you
had this document that got created as a
result uh of your agents going inside of
HF and pulling some results.
>> Correct. Yeah. So another way to it. So
I've got a skill here called social
content. So, this is a massive one, but
inside of here, this is everything that
I've like accumulated over the years of
what makes a good LinkedIn post, what
makes a good newsletter, what makes a
good X post, what makes a good blog. Um,
it's actually kind of all in inside of
here. So, you can see like templates,
transformations. If I scroll down to
here, what's this? This is like hook
patterns on newsletters, things like
that. So then if I was to fire this up
and uh and I was to ask, you know, what
makes a good LinkedIn post, it's going
to automatically
reference that skill. So it knows to
There we go. Look.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Okay. So, whenever I ask
it to talk about, you know, or write
help me write posts or help me think of
ideas for posts or anything like that,
it taps into this skill and it might tap
into three or four different skills and
it will chain them together and start to
produce you like outputs essentially.
>> Nice. And so um in your opinion like the
best way to create skill is to actually
curate as much as the best information
as possible and then say feed it to to
code essentially meaning that now
curation as in like having a good idea
of what's a great resource and what's
not a great resource becomes a very
important skill on its own. I mean
personal skill.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. And then you got
to think about the 360 loop. Um, so one
thing that I'm really like um keen on
with everything that the team does is,
you know, everything should feed
everything else. And so um, for example,
once my head of marketing is finished
writing a blog with the agent, he would
ask it a question like, did we deviate
away from any of the skills that we use?
Did I give feedback that perhaps isn't
um, you know, incorporated into the
skills? What did we learn today? Um and
that then updates it. And then I
realized the team were using that a lot.
So then I just built something on top
which is okay uh I have another skill
inside of these skills which basically
says okay any learnings anytime the team
are taking you away from things and you
think this is important to add update
it. And so now it's like continuously
self-improving itself with the skills
essentially.
>> Yeah. And so about the social content
skill. Um so one question I have about
that is do you improve the skill based
on the results you get from social
media? Cuz like one thing I've seen with
social media is that especially LinkedIn
is you could have those best practices
but then somehow for some reason some
accounts like some best practices work
best with some accounts and then some
some don't and so perhaps that you being
video heavy would work from while for me
being infographics heavy would work. And
so I wonder if you sort of like have
some sort of way to pick up the results
of um the post and then based on that
give feedback and then have the skill
being
>> it's like you're teeing me up to pitch
Triggery. But um
>> it's literally what I use, right? So
Triggery has an API. We actually just
about to launch a CLI as well which is
really cool. Uh and we launched a few
days ago or a few weeks ago, sorry, the
uh an MPC as well. But um what I'm doing
with that specifically is I obviously
monitor myself. I monitor my Substack. I
monitor all of my different socials that
then feeds back into not into a skill.
So it go it feeds back into like a
content folder that I have here, which
is okay, here's my post. This is how
well they've done. Because you got to
think about it, skill isn't where things
are stored. It's a step-by-step
workflow. So it feeds back into a
content folder. But I'm also monitoring
people like you. I'm monitoring people
like Adam Robinson. I'm monitoring all
these people. The reason that I'm doing
that is I want to understand is anyone
doing or starting to do things different
than what I'm doing that's clearly
working? Maybe it's content, maybe it's
the way they write, maybe it's the
hooks. Is the algorithm changing? Um
things like that. So then I also have
like an insights folder inside of our
content folder here. Um, and then what I
have is, um, this brings us onto the
next subject. Uh, and so again, I'm
going to try and keep it simple, but is
a thing called chron jobs. Okay, so what
is a cron job? Um, a cron essentially is
like a task. So I could say, "Okay, hey
Claude, every day go and review the
content folder and have a look at how
well things have been performing and if
things are starting to trend in a
negative way or a positive way, whatever
it is, right, go and update my social
content skill according to how the
performance of things are going." Okay,
>> it's obviously it's a little bit more
complex with with that, but like that's
what a chron is, which is a task. Now
the challenge with clawed code is you
could only run they are introducing this
ironically um you could only run crons
on your laptop so it's local but your
computer had to be on for them to run.
>> Mhm.
>> So you then had to introduce things like
trigger.dev or ingest and these are
things that basically runs things at
like a scale uh off offline essentially.
you can put it into the cloud basically
and that requires quite a lot of
technical lifting which is why open claw
has become quite popular and I'll go on
to open claw um in in a bit but I think
it's important for people to know that
you then have tasks and systems set up
called crons that can run every day that
do
>> this is kind of like any 10 it's like
stepby-step function automation that
will just run uh essentially so yeah so
that then basically fires and that uses
trigger fies data that it's pulling into
here to then update the skills according
to what we're seeing and what we're not
seeing based on the results and how
everything performed.
>> And so just if you summarize this
quickly, it's like I like you have
because you have your skill and it
creates content. The content gets
published and then Trigify goes and then
scrapes the engagement. Can Trigify also
know what type of post it was? As couldy
tell you it was a carousel post, an
infographic or a video. Okay. So then
based on the post
and then it added to this content folder
and now like this content folder has all
of the content types with all the um the
results and also I guess the author and
then like do you um apply some sort of
waiting system based on say how close
the creator is to your niche or like
whether it's like you versus um someone
else cuz I'd be thinking that perhaps um
it's important to look at to update the
skill. Let's say if Adam Robinson um you
know comes up with some new format that
just like uh get some great result but
then it would still be um more important
to have the skill be updated based on
your results. So I would assume that
like based on this you could say okay
like you can adapt the skill based on
what Adam Robinson is doing but I still
I am the priority in terms of you know
how does this skill should evolve.
>> This is a good point. So I have this is
where we're getting into the weeds a
little bit but there's two parts right
there's Adam Robinson you for example
that I follow. I don't don't look at you
for the content. I don't really care
about the content that you post. I more
care about the style of writing, the
length, the hooks. Sorry.
Um, you know, it's it's it's you know
what is resonating with the kind of
vocabulary, the collocalisms, the style,
the format. Now, the topics is something
entirely different. uh the topics um the
the way that the kind of topic
generation and ideas for me on what to
post about comes about is I then have
another cron job set up that's analyzing
all of my team's calls um you know and
we do hundreds a week uh it's analyzing
things such as what are people asking
what are people talking about that gives
me data because that's really
interesting I know then okay what do
people want to hear what do people want
to see that's one part the other part is
I have social listening uh search is set
up across like X and LinkedIn and
podcast and YouTube and Reddit actually
which is an interesting one on intent
topics and I'm not talking about you
know your shitty intent that for sales
I'm more talking about like okay what's
intent for us which is who's talking
about things like clawed code linked to
marketing or openclaw linked to
marketing or agentic social listening or
even just social listening right and we
take all of that and we're monitoring
you know thousands uh if not hundreds of
thousands of posts, what is landing,
what's coming up loads, what's landing
really well, what's topical. Um because
I mean it's so interesting just with my
LinkedIn is like you know right now for
example and this is why we're on the
call is if I post about open claw it
does really [__] well because it's
topical I try and deviate away from it
you know it doesn't do as well. So it
it's really important to stay a breast
of what is resonating with people right
now and that's where we have that social
listening topic set up which then
everything feeds into the content folder
and then feeds into the skills which is
looking at all of this all of this
information processing it and saying
okay hey maybe we should do this topic
and maybe we should incorporate this
style because this is working over
there. We layer our topic on, we learn,
did it work? Did it not? If not, we, you
know, try again. And, and by the way,
that also factors in things such as
posting times, content style, so images,
um, um, GIFs, videos, things like that
as as well. All kind of it's this, you
know, it's it's very in-depth analysis
to try and like really kind of
programmatically crack social media
essentially. and and blogs by the way
and and since we our blogs are all
generated through
uh the open claw agents that we have uh
and we've suddenly started getting like
this week alone we've had 40 inbounds
through claude and they're all through
it's kind of the dead internet theory
kind of makes me laugh it's you know an
agent wrote the blog and the agent is
then referencing the blog
>> but yeah that's like the whole kind of
premise
>> it's like say say it today um you want
to write your post of the day it's like
then what what what happens Does open
glow uh actually call codex or code code
and then like the entire post is written
down and then you have a draft and then
you're looking at the draft and you edit
it out or like are you asking like what
should I write like how how does it look
like in terms of say having the post
being um drafted and published.
>> Mhm. So let's go on to open claw um
because I think this is where this
starts to come in. Um prior to open claw
I had it storing as like an MD file
inside of that terminal. And the reason
I wanted to start with the terminals
that terminal the the repo that I've got
in there which is our triggery marketing
is so pivotal because that still is what
open claw works from within. And so what
I have is every day if I'm working from
claw code not through open claw this
will push into github and then open claw
downloads it every day as well. So we're
it's syncing with each other. But also
what I can do actually which is really
cool this is the latest update that I
did is I've actually wired them
together. So I can say you know uh it
can it can chat um to open claw from
here. So I've created like a a network
basically between or a gateway between
the two. Um and this is now going to go
ahead and speak to openclaw and I can
obviously have openclaw speak back to
the to claw code as well. So they can
now chat to each other and things like
that as as well. So going on to um open
claw. So we we know it's the conductor
like that's the the key and the benefits
with open claw and and I won't go into
security but I think I'd be aiss not to
to mention it like that's like a whole
topic in in of itself. The key thing is
make sure you're running it in sandbox.
Make sure there's like a new thing with
Nemo claw as well. Nvidia just added
like a security layer that you can kind
of factor in here. Give it its own
computer like a lot of people ask VPS uh
or yeah VPS versus um you know Mac Mini.
The Mac Mini is a way better to do this
or an old laptop. It it just is. You
don't have to create tunnels the entire
time. It's a lot easier. It's also has
more um features that it can do because
it's operating on a computer. Um, so
yeah, I have uh three different agents.
So it's like, Bella, what is your role?
Um, so we've got Bella, who is the um
kind of the chief uh strategy officer
for my AI team. There we go.
>> Okay.
>> She orchestrates the other agents. So we
have Rex, who's our marketing man, and
then we have Taz, who basically is like
our product manager essentially.
>> Okay. Um, every day, this is where it
gets pretty wild.
Bella obviously has all of the knowledge
from all of the repo. She's connected
into a lot of our systems through her
own email address, through her own
connections. She has a daily standup at
9:00 a.m. with this team. They review
all of the calls that have been going on
the previous weeks. They review
our business performance, the metrics,
what's been going on, um, literally
everything. and then they work out okay
based on priorities let's go do x y z.
So, if they've noticed, for example,
like um you know, conversion drop offs
have been been um going low, they might
think, okay, we need to create more
educational content on our help docs. We
need to maybe review our onboarding
emails. And this is so cool because I
can watch, you can see inside of here,
this is their this is their AI chat. I
don't get involved in here. This is just
like them. Look at this. This is every
day like they're just talking to each
other basically. Um
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> So, yeah. So, okay. Let's see.
>> Yeah. So, yesterday, so here's Rex daily
sweep and tell uh CS trend detection one
page remains blocked. She's saying like
what's being blocked, what's not. Um
they're saying, okay, Max needs to go
and approve this. There's an agentic
blog. Um there's listical outreach
templates. Something's going on with
Reddit there that I need to look at. Um
brand visibility. Um
someone basically claiming they can
replace Triggery. uh with raw APIs uh
which is ironic because they're actually
customers still um but people do funny
things people do funny things for posts
um so
>> yeah so that's like them them like
chatting and what happens is right like
we've got lots of different things here
where we break this down right so you
know this is peers who look he's
literally chatting right now talking to
him about um blog status and claio and
etc and etc. Look, he's created like
this whole um blog flow that's creating
with with Rex right now as we speak.
>> We've got this uh LinkedIn here like um
so this is really interesting. Last week
I post on Clay changing their pricing.
It did well. And so I asked you know
what other subjects could be good? It
has access to everything, right? And
this is where like I think it's really
cool because the context that it has is
huge. It obviously has the repo that we
created on clawed code and then the more
that my team talk to it, the more that
it's used, the memory just keeps
compounding and gets better and better
and better. And the more that you put
into it, the more that you start to get
out basically as um like a result.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think what's interesting is it
says by itself it says, "Oh, by the way,
I posted about that. It went super well
and then it asks but then when it asks
um who does it ask does it ask you what
other content we could do like does it
ask the other agent and then like the
other agent
>> it ask me yeah unless instructed to go
ask the other agents I can tell it to go
ask the other agents um but yeah it will
work with me um we we launched our
creator program uh with Bella and Rex
basically Hugo like just again it's it's
a lot of the stuff we do we do hook it
up to I see. I see my name number four
here.
>> There you go, buddy. There you go. So,
you've been suggested as a potential
ambassador based on your engagement. Um,
so well done. You made
>> I should do number one if you ask me,
but it's fine.
>> You're not quite getting the same level
of engagements in here.
>> Ah, it's true.
>> Um, yeah, that's a lot though to be
fair. That's on YouTube. So, that's
someone massive to be fair. Look at
that. 1.2 million subscribers. So, yeah.
So like every different things are being
kind of ran and controlled and this is
where we talked to them. But one of the
things is that we realized is you know
this was starting to get really messy
because we were doing so many different
things. There were so many different
cron jobs and the cool thing about open
AI um or open claw rather I should say
is
this is the the cron doesn't require as
much complexity as uh claw code. So, I
could just say, "Hey, like set up a task
to go do XY Z." And it will just do
that. It will do that without any like
anything sophisticated. The other cool
thing that I can do inside of here is I
can say like, you know, Bella, let's
fire up a Clawed Code session. And it's
then going to go and work with Claude
code now. And I then can do some coding
through here. And Bella can run it.
Bella can look at it. She can review it.
She can control it. She can log into
these platforms. She has access to the
browser. So, she can go do all this fun
stuff. You know, she posts my Substack
for me. And so, I'm just messaging her
sometimes when I'm out and about. And
I'm like, "Remind me of what the draft
substack was. Can you go on to my
Substack and post it for me?" And she'll
log in away she goes and and posts it
and things like that.
>> Nice. Max, one thing it would be very
interesting to see. I don't know if you
were done with the sort of like open
claw um first explainer would be like um
the process of say you asking Bella or
whoever should be asked um to create a
LinkedIn post as an example.
>> Yeah, we can do that. What do you want
it to be on?
>> Um I mean I I think one thing that's
interesting is that it actually has
context on the topic. So it'd be
interesting to have as in like for you
to ask the agent like what's a trendy
topic or what's a topic I should talk
about based on my past results and then
once it sort of picks a topic to have it
draft some sort of post respecting I
guess the the best practices coming from
the skills that you've trained um from
yeah like all of the best resources plus
the results you've been getting.
>> Here we go. Look, it's quite funny. So,
I was doing this with you just before we
spoke, which is updating our mission
control, which I'll show you in a sec,
which is basically where I see all of
the outputs from Bella. Um, our agents
have been publishing for 20 days. So,
it's a contrarian honest post.
>> Um, cold email terminal. So, talking
about like how to use like cold email
from purely from like a terminal could
be a good one.
>> Uh, tech stack breakdown. This is right
up your street. um like here's the tools
that we here's the tools that we use. Uh
it thinks that we should go for like one
or uh three for some reason. Um it shows
real AI production stuff. The honesty
post would be a polarizing in a good
way. Founders love seeing other founders
emit bottlenecks. So it thinks like it's
going for the vulnerability play because
it's seen that like if you're vulnerable
and you talk about upups or you know
things that don't work, people really
love that like you know, I'm going to be
like breaking down my barrier type
approach.
>> I'd go I'd go personally for four or
five, but obviously I'm biased because I
think that like what's interesting about
four is that um see like the tech stack
angle always works, but here the text
stack wouldn't just be software, it
would be hardware mixing with uh cuz
like I guess you could you could go with
an angle that would be like um at the
counter point of what like you post.
It's like you know you could say like um
the biggest cult agencies um post like
15 plus tool tech stacks my tech stack
is open glow and three mac or something
like this you know I think it'd be an
interesting angle um otherwise I think I
know the cold email terminal angle is
great I think I went viral with
>> yeah an angle
>> and I think like this what's key like as
we're working with it like a lot of what
I do is not fully autonomous the idea is
that you know we have the team and then
the team is you you've seen live like
literally I think it was you know uh you
can see inside of here um so this is
literally
uh someone working right now giving some
instructions so for example here Pier
has said we don't need a schema markup
it's already in dynamic schema and web
flow so what will happen at the end of
this call once good to know
>> Rex will then update his memory as well
as his skill which is blog creation so
he doesn't need to do it again and the
idea is we don't fully autonomize
everything. It's more human in the loop
>> and you power with them. So like the
other day peers um restructured our
entire help center. It was a complete
mess. Restructured our entire help
center and added in an additional 35 uh
articles into that help center. He did
that through working with it. You know,
Bella would log into the triggery
platform would go do all of this stuff
uh as uh as well, which is um key. So,
uh, I run my entire SAS operation from a
Mac Mini and five AI agents. No ops
teams, no VA. Here's the actual, uh,
stack. Uh, the hardware Mac Mini M4 run
24/7 on my desk. That's it. That's the
server. The agents all running on Open
Claw. Now, it's talking about the agents
themselves.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, today today the pool. So it's
actually merged a lot of what today the
pool 77 commits emerg launched what they
plug into linear feature base fireflies
hubspot slack fire cruel goo sheets
brave search hey reach notion loops and
our own product trigger fire via the MCP
so yeah this is basically um what it
does here
>> it's actually pretty strong
>> it's pretty good you know you might you
you might tweak things here and there
and then like where does it go so that's
the next question because if you you
sometimes can lose things
uh inside of the Discord channel and
that's the the challenge.
>> Okay,
>> so this then opens up this uh section
and this is kind of the last part to the
to the puzzle here. Um this is like the
the mission control is what we call it,
right? And so basically inside of here I
can see all of my different agents that
I have. So this is who they are. This is
what they do.
>> If you really want this is quite fun. I
can even see them like walking around. I
watch them play with each other. Watch
them.
>> And what is this? What is this platform
that you're showing?
>> This is my mission control that we built
basically.
>> Okay. It's a it's an internal tool that
you built.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We took an open uh
source version and have like started to
adapt it to our requirements. Yeah.
>> Okay. I see.
>> So you can you can click on like Rex for
example, you can start to pair him up
with other agents to go work on some
task or something like that. It's quite
fun. Um
but in uh inside of here you get like
the whole overview. So I can see the
agents. Um I can see for example if you
look at the cron here. So this is
showing you like the the daily act the
daily like uh tasks that they're doing.
So we've got one here where it's
monitoring feature base. It checks for
any bugs. If people are reporting bugs
if they report bugs it goes logs into
the trigger fivey platform sees if it re
can reproduce it. If it can reproduce it
it's like okay [__] this is a decent
bug. We'll go add it to linear. It adds
it to linear which tags the tech team.
Um you've got memory stuff inside of
here. You've got the morning huddles.
Like there there's a lot of different
stuff that happens every day. And then
what what kind of comes out the end
result is we've got these kind of two
important what boards. So this is the uh
task board. So this was created this
morning. Um yeah, created this morning.
I haven't gone and reviewed these tasks
yet, but um this is pulling transcripts.
So, it's basically saying, "Hey, this is
what it's going to go do." And I can
kind of like stop them doing things if
they're going a little bit like left
field. I can be like, "No, don't go do
that or go do that basically or or
whatever it is." Um so, it's all coming
in. And here is this is saying like we
should run some PAY experiments. Um,
it's saying that it's going to go
basically do like a credit clarity page.
N Gmail sequencing marketing own zero
gauge effort specs ready for 20 days. So
that's basically saying that it's going
to go do that. And what I would do is if
I'm happy with it, I move it to
approved. Um, oh, there's an error
there, but I move it to approved and
then basically the agent would go and
have the thumbs up that it's going to
start doing that. So I stay like in
control of a lot of things. Um, and then
the other one is our content pipeline.
So once it produces stuff, it starts to
add it all into here as well. So in case
I ever forget, I've got all of like the
content that's come in here. So uh
updated 4 hours ago, Bella was like,
"Okay, here's the original LinkedIn
post." Um I basically broken it down
into a uh X thread for you. So I built
an AI agent that watches social media
for buying signals, finds people worth
talking to, sends the message based on
what they actually care about. It booked
three meetings in one day. I didn't
touch it. Tweet two. Here's the old way.
Blah blah blah blah.
>> Oh, nice. So, I like how it actually
like formatted it into I mean several
tweets because the trades several tweets
and then like the way it picked this
angle is because you published that on
LinkedIn and then it saw that it
performed well. So, we just figured
let's repurpose that for X for X.
>> Correct.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And then you got blogs
inside of here. These are all reviewed.
So again like things inside of here um
credit explainer articles uh agentic
social listening here's like the whole
blog um so the marketing team goes in
and basically approves that and then
that gets added to uh web flow
newsletters if anything's there things
like that so this is like the you know
mainly we work outside of Discord like
95% of the time and if we want to go
view things so I just log in here in the
morning and approve or not approve
certain tasks uh basically.
>> Wow. Okay. And then uh I think in the
beginning you I mean like at the
beginning of the conversation you
mentioned that you have the open claw
agent that you say is the conductor and
essentially like he he will use um clo
code or codeex under the hood. I think
right now it's more codex than cloud
code because it does seem that um its
performance at the moment is better than
the than the one from entropics models.
>> Yeah. So the question I have is say I
want to create a setup that's resemble
your setup is how would I get started
here like should I start with the open
clue and then see or like the opposite
actually have the clo code um or codeex
sort of interface being fleshed out and
then like see
>> I feel like you've got to get
comfortable with claw code to to be able
to like open claw is easy like the setup
is not easier it's very hard to set up
to get the results that you want to be
good is very hard. That's why it's got
so many competitors suddenly now.
Perplexity just brought out the
perplexity computer. I think Manis just
brought out something simpler. They're a
lot more like turnkey solutions. A lot
more limited I think than open claw cuz
open claw is obviously open source. It's
rapidly like evolving and you can
customize it. That's the idea behind it.
>> Yeah. Um, but if you're not comfortable
with claw code or codeex in the first
place, they're kind of two in one in the
same thing really. Um, you're not going
to do very well. Like you need to
understand skills. You need to
understand how to architect this thing
in the first place. So my advice would
be don't go into a terminal because
that's going to be confusing. Start with
like Claude co-work.
Start with a particular project like
just blogs. Just pick something with
blogs and build out a skill. And then
from there you'll start expanding. Don't
try and build this all-encompassing kind
of um you know things because it it
takes time and it takes a lot of
iteration and it takes dedication.
That's the other thing that a lot of
people do this the results aren't that
good. They give up. You know it's just
like an employee. They they're usually
pretty bad like for the first like two
months because it requires a lot of
training to get them to like
>> this is this is how we do things. This
is like where we're going blah blah
blah. Right.
>> It's no different. right now I mean
today your tech stack it's like because
you actually had Bella write the post
but so what's your tech stack right now
then for Fireflies albeit I've just
built my own version of that now um so
I'm dropping that uh cuz it's there's no
need um but yeah Fireflies uh we use
Linear um for a lot of our product stuff
so Linear is still uh in in use at
actually is the CRM that tend to use if
at all to be honest. We mainly work out
of Superbase and I've actually built
like a custom um like reporting and
signal suite and things like that
myself. So we've got our own like signal
platform that we basically built
internally that we're uh using there.
Triggery obviously for all things like
social listening um social actions uh
based as as well. Then things for like
enrichment, we use uh like Surf and Lead
Magic and and and them lot when we're
doing cold email. We just switched over
to Plus Vibe for cold email. I don't
know if you've heard of them. Um
>> plus Vibe though actually.
>> Plus Vibe. Yeah. But we've been really
happy with like the performance of of
them and good guys over there as well.
Um so they're great uh for like managing
like our like LinkedIn and stuff like
that. We use a tool called Smuggler. And
about the whole um same codeex code
because once again you mentioned that
nowadays you use codeex more than code.
Yeah. What is the reason? It's way
clever. Okay.
>> It depends what you're doing. For coding
I use codeex. For if I'm using like the
model that powers my open claw is
anthropics opus or sonet 4.6. So if I'm
using writing based stuff I use sonet
4.6. If I'm doing coding I use codeex.
Um if I'm using more agentic based
systems I'll use opus um and then uh
they got yeah again various different
tools hooked up to them um to enable
them to do different things. Yeah.
>> And so your open glow instance knows um
which to use for which use case like for
example for writing tasks then it knows
so because you'd say like for more
creative sort of task okay like writing
designing and
>> yeah sonet 4.6 I'll use for that. Um, so
Bella, the main agent, will use Opus
4.6.
Then if it's a writing task, she'll
spawn a sub agent that will use 4.6
Sonnet and she'll work with that agent
to be like and she'll vet the work that
it's done until she's happy with it.
It's so funny. Like the other day,
um, she sent me a message like cuz this
is the thing. It basically is working
24/7, right? So, it's going to
continuously review things, especially
if you set up con jobs to be like review
what's going on, analyze performance.
And I got a message from her saying
she's really disappointed with like
Taz's performance.
>> And she's like given feedback. Taz, the
our other agent, okay, um been very
disappointed with how it's like been
operating recently. So, she's given it
feedback, told it to update its systems
to do XY Z and improved it basically.
That's just so wild. It's just amazing.
And I was I was joking with my team. I
was like, "Oh, there's drama. There's
drama happening over and
>> there's drama between the agents." Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so yeah, she she'll know to delegate
the tasks and they all know they all
work from the same system. So they all
know to delegate
>> certain tasks and use certain models for
certain things.
>> Nice. Um I have like a couple of
questions before we before we end the
conversation. Um so one thing is as
someone who's played so much with um
these agents the the likes of open clo
and collect and so on. What do you deem
are the most useful tasks to say
automate with with agents you know say
like um think putting yourself in the
shoes of any business owner founder it's
like what are the first thing that
should go about go around automating
>> um I I honestly think uh and where I
started was in this kind of content
space so blogs newsletters LinkedIn in
X. Um, you know, I think you're a big
advocate of it. Everyone is. Like I was
on a call the other day with you, the
CEO of Chili Piper, Adam Robinson, Jesse
from Lead Magic. Um, you know, there was
loads of us on there and it was like
unequivocally everyone said the same
thing, which is content is so important.
Uh, founder brands is still as important
as it has ever had been. And really your
only moat this day this day and age is
distribution, right? And and I know
you're a big believer in that because
that's what cold IQ kind of is is all
about. And without that and kind of the
identity called IQ would be not what it
is right now, right?
>> Um and so I think you start there. Now I
will caveat like you don't go and do
unauthentic posts. We don't do that. We
don't have like AI just putting out [__]
and slop. This is why it requires you
setting up adding all the context and
it's very human empowered right like
it's it's human in the loop uh to work
with you to to help your team and uh a
lot of people struggle with posting and
you want to get your team to post. So
like employee advocacy with this agents
would be the first place that like I I
would start and it's the first place
that I started because you also get the
quickest wins from doing it as well. I
like it. And then like even when it
comes to content, it's like I guess the
say content mining part, it's perhaps
more interesting to automate than the
actual content writing bit.
>> Yeah, exactly. Yeah, you can write it
like you need a topic like what should I
talk about? Like you sometimes and I'm
sure you've had it even though you're
great at posting like [__]
>> what do I post today? Like I don't
really know what to post today or or you
might even start to get fatigue of
posting, right? like we were talking
about that off off air like you know I
need inspiration, I need source
material. Um, that's been like this kind
of a tangent there, but that's been a
huge one for me because one of my like
daily tasks is like, you know, once the
kids have gone to bed and, you know, I
sit down and and watch something on TV,
like I do doom scroll a little bit on on
X. Uh, and you know, there's so much uh
X is is so much better than LinkedIn for
like finding valuable like what people
are actually doing. I find it's more of
a place for like me like I was like this
is technical stuff like I'm enjoying
this and so again through through
through triggery and then Bella our
agent like she's reading everything for
me now so again I just don't have to do
that and being like you know separating
the wheat from the chaff so to speak
which is like this is good this is
really interesting we should explore
this more go look at this this is just
AI slop jargon people just you know hype
man you know it's not fearongering type
thing which happens quite a lot with AI
Yeah. And here last question on my end.
You seem like you have say hundreds of
ideas for things automate or build you
know like at a time. Uh I'm wondering
say what's the next big thing you're
looking to automate or have agent take
care for you on your behalf. You think
AI like everyone thinks AI is going to
take jobs like I it's given me so much
more to do like because I keep spinning
up things and
and and ideas and and stuff like that.
But you know I feel like we've got our
marketing and sales process in quite a
good place with it. There's a lot of
refining and a lot of add-ons that we
need to do there. But the next big bit
of work is Triggery is a really small
team. We're smaller than you guys. We're
a lot smaller than everyone thinks.
We're only six people in the company.
>> Yeah. And um we were introducing a new
agent called Clive. Um and Clive is the
coding agent. And we want to get to a
point where we're freeing up our
developers to work on larger epic pieces
of work. So more important heavyhitting
feature requests
um things like that. and you know any
regressions or bugs that we might get on
the platform like we want to be fully
automated to a degree. Um and so we've
been creating this system where issues
are detected. Um Clive picks them up.
Clive start working on them. Clive
builds it. Clive fixes it. Clive then
logs in and Clive then tests it. He does
everything end to end before he then
gets uh approval and then creates the PR
basically. So we're wanting to create
this um like autonomous coding agent um
you know and I know everyone's like we
have coding agents it's not cursor this
isn't that it's basically applying like
an open claw logic
>> to it's not open claw but an open claw
logic to conducting fixing things within
the platform which again just unlocks
for me when I think about being a
founder it's like
where can I free up time to either
unlock not having to go hire loads more
people which therefore like the costs of
the business remain you know very
efficient.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Uh and where gives us the biggest
impacts. You know in theory a customer
could flag a bug and it's fixed within
15 20 minutes potentially. So it's also
going to mean that we're rapid and it's
a good customer experience uh as a
result. And so there's that. And then
just to add to that the next part is
then customer success. So introducing an
agent not just like our kind of you know
typical intercom style agent like a
proper agent that then works with the
customer works with Clive and comes in
flags it checks it is a bug okay is a
bug is not the user being an idiot okay
go speak to Clive Clive fixes it speaks
back to that agent and then that agent
then says okay this is all fixed now and
then they can start to work in tandem on
like our lower level customers basically
like not our enterprise based customers.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. Because here you mentioned like um
agents that would help fix bug and I
like even go like as far as fixing some
advanced bugs. Are you thinking of
implementing say agents that um say
actually help run 35y for companies?
It's like I don't know how advanced it
is at the moment but say I'm an
enterprise user of 35y and it's like I'm
I'm wondering what to do like perhaps
you can see that I'm not using the
product as much as I should and so based
on that I would assume that one of your
agents would see product usage is low or
I need to help me connect you so it gets
some value and then like the agent would
on its own perhaps go and find some um
some sort of place I could prospect on.
Is that like something that's already
here like that you're already thinking
of? That's already yeah that's already
so we we launched Jarvis um into the
platform so at the moment Jarvis is more
of a co-pilot um uh he he can help you
build and design the platform give you
ideas the next iteration of Jarvis is to
proactively work with the customer so
Jarvis uh you know there will be
thousands of Javvises if that makes
sense so the more you work with Jarvis
the better Jarvis becomes for you Jarvis
will ping you if you're not like logging
in Jav will give you ideas, he'll fix
things for you. Um, so yes, we're
already that's already in the works
already what we're thinking about. And
again, it's just joining up. You know,
we know that the technology isn't there
to do all of this to a really good level
right now. But the key thing is you have
to start building towards these things
and working towards this slowly and
putting in the foundations because the
technology is coming and the
capabilities
the capabilities are there from the
intelligence level from models. It's
just all about now how can you create an
agentic framework that makes it reliable
at a level of scale and doesn't kind of
hallucinate and doesn't do these things.
The model on its own isolated is it's
smarter than me and you. It doesn't need
to get clever. It just needs to be
better with how it can handle large
volumes of context and things like that
which is slowly starting to happen now
more and more.
>> It's almost like you're building um some
sort of open clo for social scen for
each of your user because then it's like
that's eventually what happens. It's
like back in the days um if I were
buying uh tricky I mean like this was
like the early versions of trigify then
I'd have to sort of like pick up the the
social scenarios on my own. So I would
have to pick some uh some some of my
competition for example and then like
scrape their engagement and then I would
have to run the workflows on my own but
then it's like the vision becomes okay
now you you sign up and then I'm able to
pick like to sort of extract any
relevant information on on code like you
and so now based on that I'm going to
proactively scrape every post um that's
like relevant to to your team. I'm gonna
pick up the senials and then I could
even if you agree orchestrate some um
some outrage like just like the the
giveaway of the
>> exactly. So you're going to be able to
connect external tools to it. So you you
hit the nail on the head. The idea is
it's going to be like open claw but but
very trained for social specific right
so already in early testing you know
it's analyzed my post proactively
without me telling it to do so and it's
like hey Max you know this post actually
got more engagement from ICP it got less
total engagement but ICP had a high hit
and I've tracked them to Atio and I can
see that you've had five signups off the
back of this post versus none on the one
that did really well. So my suggestion
is like if we're trying to drive leads
as opposed to vanity metrics, let's do
some more content around this and push
this again. So that's kind of like the
direction that it's like trying to take
it in. Um same thing, it has access to
your call call recording calls if you
want it to. So it can be like okay like
here's some content that we suggest.
It's like should I schedule this for
Tuesday for you? Yeah, schedule it.
Brilliant. And then again it's this
whole loop that we're we're we're
working on. I've kind of like prototyped
it and built it out in core code and
open floor and it's like how to make
this accessible for everyone now.
>> I see. So I would connect my call
transcripts, I would connect my CRM and
then it's like because you have the data
of say um how the post went, you'd be
able to give recommendation based on
what I can post again to attract the
right ICP but also where I can extract
uh from cuz like I don't even need to be
posting to gain from some value from
because I can essentially steal the
engagement from competitors. Like in our
case, we are getting stolen more than we
steal from competitors. Like the whole
example here is that right it's like you
actually plug onto your actual like your
CRM your call transcripts because this
is where Trigify or like Triifi's agent
will be able to get the feedback um from
the performance of the initial pieces or
like from the initial outreach that's
been based on um some some engagement
and it will proactively autonomously
improve its own recommendation up to the
moment where um it knows so much about
my about me and about my about the
performance of my post that like is
extremely accurate in terms of um the
recommendation it gives and like this
this this piece of the software like is
it like in beta how can I access that
because like I need to put someone from
my team on that before it goes
mainstream.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, Javas is already out.
Um, the Javas that we're talking about
there now is in is in beta um with the
the connections. Um, and like we're
doing a release a week like we're we're
releasing at a rapid pace at the moment.
So, um we we got to do some more
iterations on um you know the the the
final piece. Mainly we're doing a big UI
overhaul. So, again, it looks really
nice. there's places to put the data
>> once Javas creates it for you and things
like that. Um, but yeah, it's pretty
much pretty much there. The the first
version of it already out so you can get
started and and and use it and you can
ask it to go pull the engagements and
give you reports, tell you what it would
suggest, things like that. Uh, as well,
>> what are you planning to have like sort
of final version, ultimate version?
>> Well, like I said, so first first
version is already out. If you want the
part where it will start to think for
you, that's coming out in the next four
weeks basically.
>> Okay, nice. Perfect.
>> Well, Max, this was extremely
interesting. Actually, I had some high
expectations because I know you, but you
still managed to blew to blew away my
expectations. Um, so before we end, like
do you have some sort of final thoughts
you want to you want to share? And also
like please um let us know like how we
can find you on social media like
where's the place we'll find like the
most updated content you publish.
>> Where where's Bella posting first
essentially?
>> Yeah. I mean, obviously LinkedIn is is
is a big one. Um, just go find me there.
I also have a Substack and I have a
YouTube. I tend to put more of my I
mean, I have all socials, but like I
tend to put more of my complex uh ones
onto to either LinkedIn and YouTube,
like my longer form content. So, um,
yeah, give me give me some follows
there. Um, as for like uh, you know,
final thoughts, I think I'm just going
to go back to like something that I I
talk a lot about. And I think what a lot
of people need to realize that it's not
about how we prompt agents uh, really
anymore. It's it's it's context is uh,
king. So really whenever you're building
these things whether it's claw code
whether it's open claw whatever it is
think about like how can you provide
enough context to these agents how can
you work on things like the memory so
that over time and this is what you want
to create with anything that you're
doing
you know this is why human beings are
good is in theory and if they're not
that's usually why you get rid of them
the more you put into an employee the
more you get out, right? And it's this
same thing that you want to create. You
want to create a system or an
architecture with your agents. The more
you put in, the more uh you can get out.
And that's what I've been doing for me.
That's what I've helped other like, you
know, people come to me do is building
that kind of architectural system in
place for them to to really start to
scale their businesses as a result.
>> I love it. Thanks a lot, Max. I'm going
to put your links in the bio and then
I'm going to be
>> sharing um your links wherever they need
to be shared. But guys, like follow Max
Mitcham on on LinkedIn, YouTube,
wherever. Like you need to follow him if
you want to know what's happening when
it comes to like applying this new
technology to to lead generation. He's
usually like a few steps ahead of your
favorite creators when it comes to to
this [__] So like make sure to follow
him. And Max like thanks a lot for for
coming here and to be so generous in
sharing all of this because we really
had a glimpse of uh your internal
systems. So, I think it's going to it's
going to give some inspiration to to a
lot of people.
>> There we go, dude. I hope that was
helpful for you. This is not. Bye-bye.